Name: 

What have you done since yesterday?
	- Put points here ...

What are you planning on doing today?
	- Put points here ...

Any impediments or stumbling blocks?
	- Put points here ...

Runyu:
	
	I successfully implement the writing to database firebase.
	
	I plan to study how to read data from firebase and transfer it using the callback function.
	
	I knew that the direction of reading the data is going in the wrong direction and I am adjusting my thoughts.
	
Caleb:
	
	1.
	I successfully read and modified data from the realtime databse.
	
	2.
	I am planning to learn call-back function to transfer data to front-end developers.
	I am planning to  modulize the data classes in order to have clean strcture.
	I am planning to implement the log in authentication logic.
	
	3.
	I was having very hard time figure out how to store the data i read from the datebase in a local variable. Wrong design.

Felix:

	1. 
	I analyze the code from Professor
	
	2. 
	I start coding on user's method and admin method
	
	3. 
	I need to communicate with teammates in order to know what functions and UI interfaces can I use.
	
Ruichen:

	1. Host today's daily meeting and organized the minutes of the meeting. Organized the aggreement documentation.
	2. Host tomorrow's meeting and solve the problems that arise when communicating between the front and back ends. Finish edit user story.
	3. Learning about MVP design pattern and utlize off callback funciton.
	
Ricky:

	1. Learn some basics about this project and what will the front-end do
	2. Code on user's method and admin method
	3. Understand what have the back-end done and what method did they implemented
