Name:

What have you done since yesterday? - Put points here ...

What are you planning on doing today? - Put points here ...

Any impediments or stumbling blocks? - Put points here ...


Caleb

    1.

    I implemented basic methods that would be used in user sign up, log in functions
    I organized and improved the data structure that stored in the database

    2.

    I am planning to study on the version control that would help our group to organize our code
    I am planning to implement the methods needed in the User stores 3.

    3.

    Having hard time on using git.
    Having hard time on understand the main logic of User stories 1,2.
    Having trouble with how to connect back end with front end, like how to use call-back functions to transfer data.

Felix

  	1.
 	I am starting to solve user stories such as sign in and sign up.
  
 	2.
 	Planning to learn about call back function and how to use intent to communicate with UI interface
 	 
 	3.
	Having hard time to figure out the structure for classes such as customer and admin 
  
Like Wang

    1.

    I sorted the basic logic with Felix
    I used the basic methods that implemented by the back-end to creat sign up, log in front-end file

    2.

    Planning to study on the version control that would help our group to organize our code
    Planning to learn about call back function and how to use intent to communicate with UI interface

    3.

    Having hard time on figuring out the interface redirection logistics

Runyu Yue:

	I optimize the basic class used, I write up to user story 2
	
	I plan to find how to represent the start time and the end time of events
	
	Can not find a easier way of representing the time

Ruichen Sun:

    1. Host today's daily meeting and organized the minutes of the meeting. Manage project progress. Solve problems that team members encounter in development
    2. Host tomorrow's meeting and solve the problems that arise when communicating between the front and back ends. Finish edit user story.
    3. Learning about different view that android defult have.